---
title: Blog Number 10
layout: post
author: sahil.gupta
permalink: /blog-number-10/
source-id: 1W-d5RNP5EPDe5SbPHO2wu0EVYMmo3a1BUNz5pDX990Y
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Addition with binary and hex</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>13/1/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I knew how to convert binary to hex and vice versa however could not add them together. I had recently completed a test which questioned my ability to convert between hex and binary and I managed to complete it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn how to add binary and hex.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I managed to successfully learn about this and do some questions.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I watched one tutorial done by my teacher on the board and then applied the same logic to the questions I was later given. I remembered to recognise the fact that 1+1=10 during completing the task. I also used number bonds to help me break it down.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I talked among my peers which led to a class detention on Monday. This limited my learning as I was not able to focus my whole attention on the questions at hand. I also asked some irrelevant questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will be sure to ask relevant questions and focus all my attention to working the addition questions out. I will also try and be completely independent rather than asking a peer for reassurance after every two questions.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


